Moderator: Okay, I have started recording, and I'd just like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners? If we removed any information that could be used to identify you.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: Alright. So I have some questions for you before we take a look at that form together.
Moderator: Have you applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers through the Va. Before.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: I think I have in my records that you are part of that program. So good
Moderator: and can you confirm that you've applied over 2 years ago.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, about how long ago do you think.
P4: I I think I have high on 2,021.
Moderator: Okay. So a few years ago.
Moderator: if you were going to explain the caregiver program to someone who was interested in rolling, how would you explain it?
P4: How I explain, I gonna explain, is
P4: hell a lot
P4: and give you information before. I never know how caregiver is working, and then is to help me
P4: to support my
P4: my husband because I he caregiver.
P4: And they
P4: did
P4: what? What I gonna say.
P4: They help and teach you something you never know.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: great.
Moderator: So we've kind of been a good resource to you. Is that correct?
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: are you familiar with the concept of a primary or secondary caregiver?
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, do you know which one you are enrolled as, are you? The primary caregiver.
P4: Yes, primarily yes.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So could you tell me about how you completed the caregiver form where you were applying to be the caregiver for your husband. Do you remember? If that was in person, at facility or online.
P4: I do online.
Moderator: Did the online.
P4: And we yes, form. And we, they send a video.
P4: and you have to complete that. They have a question you study. And they have, or we have questions for you.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: and what did you do before you were up completing that online form to prepare and find out about any information
Moderator: about the program.
P4: My husband.
Moderator: He told you about it.
P4: Yes.
P4: because I want to.
P4: 1st
P4: we we try to do to take him
P4: after he go to hospital many times.
P4: and he saw that, and yes.
Moderator: Did he find out at the hospital about the program.
P4: I'm not sure when he find out, but when he go hospital many times, and he saw that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so he told you about it.
Moderator: And then you applied okay.
Moderator: and did you
Moderator: complete the form on your own? Or did you have help from? Someone like an accredited representative, or a Vso, or another source like that?
P4: No, I compete myself.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there anything else that you'd like to share about your experience applying for the caregiver program, good or bad.
P4: I think it's good.
P4: because the more thing if you do taken someone.
P4: you're gonna know almost almost everything you can apply.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: oops. Sorry. I thought I heard a knock on the window.
Moderator: Must be an animal.
Moderator: Alright. Thank you so much for sharing that background. So now I'm going to share a link with you to our testing site in the zoom chat.
Moderator: So I will grab that link.
Moderator: I know you're on your phone. It's a little harder to find the chat on there. So
Moderator: if you can look for the chat in Zoom, I've posted the link in there.
P4: I don't know why your screen is always so small. Mine is full screen. I don't know. It is 1st time.
P4: No, you have to.
Moderator: It might be. When you tap the the screen on zoom, you'll see like a menu bar pop up, I think, on the bottom.
P4: I
P4: I see nothing if if I touch.
P4: and which one I have to touch.
P4: I don't know.
Moderator: Do you see a menu bar in the zoom window at all?
P4: Yeah, and I see shared. We have.
Moderator: Do you see?
Moderator: there might. You might have to go to like the dots that say more to get to the chat.
P4: Yeah, and I see.
Moderator: Do you see the chat.
P4: Yes.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: You see the link that I put in there.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay. So, Kate, are you able to open that link.
P4: Okay.
P4: are you still? Yes.
Moderator: Okay, did. Does the did you open on your phone? And it says, apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, great.
Moderator: So now I need you to share your screen with me. So we need to go back to the zoom window
Moderator: and find the green button that says, share.
P4: Which one chair.
P4: this one.
Moderator: Do you see a green button that says, share.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And then does it ask you what window you want to share.
Moderator: Do you see the window where the form is open, of the link that I sent you.
P4: Hang on. I check.
P4: Oh, okay, yeah, hang on
P4: what I have to do.
P4: How is
P4: maybe the this link they have to share this.
P4: No, you already have zoom.
P4: I understand, but I mean
P4: ask her.
P4: I'm not sure when I say share, but
P4: which one I have to.
P4: I open link.
P4: I have to share that link with her, but I just looked so I don't know which one.
P4: Okay. Well, my wife's confused about when she open share. It comes up with a whole bunch of options. Microsoft, onedrive, Microsoft, Google, box, photo image from file document
P4: so forth. And so on.
P4: Screen camera.
P4: I think.
Moderator: Do screen. Maybe
Moderator: what happens if he tries share, screen.
P4: Start recording or casting with zoom. Start now.
Moderator: That's it.
P4: Lower length.
Moderator: Did you? Did you tap that.
P4: On.
P4: Yes. And now how is you? See that.
Moderator: I still just see you.
P4: On, on, on.
P4: boy.
P4: Another big list. I never have any of this.
Moderator: On the
Moderator: so many options. When you go to share.
P4: Now there's a whole ton of options.
Moderator: Yeah. So I want you to share that link that I sent in the chat. It should be the the beginning of the form on va.gov.
P4: Working through the list.
Moderator: Yeah, take your time.
P4: So now let's say.
P4: Dame Google
P4: live.
P4: Zoom.
P4: maybe.
P4: Okay. You see something.
Moderator: No.
Moderator: I still just see you.
P4: Oh.
P4: just clicked on the zoom.
P4: Youtube is, let your phones let work profile Wi-fi direct.
P4: Oh, they're almost all on
P4: everything on. I don't know.
Moderator: I'm trying to open on my phone so I can tell what you should be seeing.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: Hmm.
P4: That's strange, because there are every important one is on.
P4: There's only some that are not on.
Moderator: Did you tap? You said you were reading the options, and one of them said, Screen.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Did you tap that? And then what happened?
P4: yes, and then they come up to show is
P4: allow to what is that.
Moderator: Yeah, it might be you have to allow Zoom to share your screen.
P4: Yes. Then we click it even click, zoom.
Moderator: Oh, okay. So you turn that on can you try doing it again? Then might have to
Moderator: quit Zoom and come back
Moderator: if it's not working.
P4: Quick share.
P4: screen. Okay.
Moderator: Oh, it's working.
Moderator: Okay.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: I can see your screen. I just need you to go to that link that I sent you
Moderator: just probably open in a browser.
P4: Downstream.
P4: Okay.
P4: Link.
P4: okay.
Moderator: Yep. Okay, okay, perfect.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: really appreciate your patience.
P4: He's new for me. He's excited.
P4: I never have this much problem.
Moderator: You figured it out. That's not easy on on Mobile.
Moderator: Okay. So I'd like you to read through this page a little bit. Take a look at it, and let me know what your thoughts are about it. And what your expectations would be of this form before going forward and applying.
P4: Eligibility.
P4: Your information
P4: where the
P4: okay give her.
P4: Hmm.
P4: As a veteran, I can tell you this much.
P4: It seems to be a lot more detailed than it was many years ago.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: What what details are you seeing that you don't remember being there?
P4: A lot more in the way of information.
P4: the support line and the telephone number.
P4: Your coordinator.
P4: Okay.
P4: getting help from a Vsl.
P4: Which most of them really
P4: are not very helpful.
Moderator: Oh, that's interesting!
P4: Add a new
P4: what to do. If you're having problems.
P4: we have everything prepared for you.
P4: It's very good.
Moderator: Okay.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: Was there anything that stood out on this page to you as being confusing or as being particularly helpful.
P4: I am not confused. If I need him, my husband here, he can help me.
P4: Okay.
P4: looking at all the information that that I see there now.
P4: there appears to be a lot more information and helpful links
P4: than there were
P4: 3 years ago.
Moderator: When you applied.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: if you were going to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best.
Moderator: How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you are about to begin, based on this page's content?
P4: 5.
Moderator: Okay. Why'd you give it that rating.
P4: Because it's nothing confined and helpful.
P4: It's it's very thorough and detailed.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: alright. So now we're gonna go and try to start the form. So
Moderator: I'd like you to show me what you would do. If you're going to apply for the program.
P4: If I have to do. Icon.
P4: go to
P4: start your application.
Moderator: Okay, we can tap that.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And just a reminder that this is a testing site. So you don't have to worry about any of the information that you enter, going anywhere you can still enter real or fake information. It doesn't matter.
Moderator: I will give you a fake social security number to put in when we get to that part.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: Just start going through the form and filling it out and feel free to think aloud as you are going. I want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P4: yeah, hang on is mean you can put
P4: without any ally
P4: name.
P4: Okay.
P4: you are the veteran.
P4: It's your name. You filled it out.
P4: okay.
P4: you're making the application. Okay?
P4: Last name
P4: chocolate.
Moderator: So I'd like you to fill it out as though you were applying to be a caregiver for your husband as you are, so
Moderator: would you put your information on this page.
P4: And yes.
P4: and one is the
P4: you don't have one. Okay.
P4: okay, I don't have one. Yeah.
P4: And this, what I have to say this I don't have to answer or something.
P4: Oh, well, I'm gonna ask any.
P4: What do veteran sick?
P4: At least at boot. It's not me.
P4: Yeah.
Moderator: I'm curious. I'm curious. Why you are putting your information on this page. Was it.
Moderator: unclear, that it's asking for your husband's information?
P4: Yeah, you look, okay.
P4: what's the veteran's sex?
P4: Whoa.
Moderator: Yeah. And who's the veteran
Moderator: yet?
P4: Mail.
P4: Okay.
P4: checkpoint.
P4: That's it.
P4: And
P4: continue.
P4: they have social security number.
Moderator: Yeah, I'll give you a fake one to put in.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: But 3, 2, 1.
P4: 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6.
P4: 4, 5, 6.
Moderator: 7, 8, 9.
P4: 7, 8, 9, okay.
Moderator: They can continue on.
P4: Okay
P4: and address. I put real address, no.
Moderator: You can put a fake one. That's fine.
P4: Okay.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: We can keep going.
P4: Okay.
P4: and phone number.
Moderator: Oh, you could put a phone, a fake phone number. Just make sure it's 10 numbers.
P4: Okay.
P4: perfect.
P4: Oh.
P4: an email address
P4: and email address. I have to put real or fake. Okay.
Moderator: You don't have to put anything real if you don't want to. Just.
P4: Oh, okay, okay, I got it.
P4: Yeah.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: So would you prefer to search for a Va. Facility with a Zip code.
P4: Yeah, I think so.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: you may have to.
Moderator: May have to enter like your actual zip code, or something that's valid. Otherwise.
P4: Okay. Okay.
Moderator: Bring anything, up.
P4: Okay.
P4: And I have to
P4: click audit to show.
Moderator: Do whatever you would naturally do if you were selecting a facility.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: then, I'm curious what your thoughts were about this facility, selection step, and why you chose the facility that you did.
P4: Because is
P4: cross, and I
P4: serial
P4: so I can answer no.
Moderator: Is that the one that you use right now.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, good to know. What would you do if you wanted to change that facility to a different one?
P4: I not think so.
P4: because this is the one closer
P4: and easier to go.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: I just want to see what you would do if you needed to edit that
Moderator: and pick a different facility, not for real.
P4: Oh, okay.
P4: I think I might.
P4: What I have to do I don't know.
Moderator: That's okay.
P4: What's the problem? No.
P4: he tried to heal.
Moderator: No, that's okay. If if it's not clear to you how to do that, then that's perfectly good feedback.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: you can keep going. Then.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: How would you rate that facility selection? Step one to 5, 1 being bad, 5 being the best.
Moderator: Just how easy was that process.
P4: Easy, I think, for
P4: because something you have to think a lot what you're gonna put it in.
P4: So I think for.
Moderator: Okay, think about what a lot.
P4: It's mean, like, you are something information, something. You are
P4: like your bird, your phone, your anything, something like that
P4: sometimes do not want to share with someone or something you not want to share is maybe keep. You think a lot for that. So I I think
P4: that that one.
Moderator: Okay, what about just selecting the facility like just that step that we just did?
Moderator: Did you find that difficult to do? Easy to do could use some improvement.
Moderator: You can go back a step if you want to refresh your memory.
P4: When I look this.
Moderator: What does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P4: Is mean the one who
P4: 100%
P4: to heal veteran or
P4: to do anything.
P4: Thank you.
Moderator: You said.
P4: Yeah, I think 100%.
P4: And maybe you have secondary to help you.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So let's go through a scenario where you want to add a primary caregiver on this application.
Moderator: Just go through the next few pages and trying to add that and think aloud about your thought process.
P4: With the.
P4: and adding to here.
Moderator: Can you hear me? Okay.
P4: Yay!
Moderator: Okay, can you keep going with the form and add a primary caregiver.
P4: Yes.
P4: you're doing this like you didn't do before
P4: 1st time.
Moderator: Well, it's been years. So that's understandable.
P4: Why they come with the same. Okay.
P4: I can put my name. No problem
P4: joining my meeting.
P4: Gosh.
P4: okay.
Moderator: Let me know any thoughts you're having as you're going through.
P4: And now they come to. I have to put social security number again.
Moderator: You can put a fake one, but I'm interested to hear any thoughts that you have.
P4: Click.
P4: violate, violate.
P4: Don't
P4: okay, bye.
P4: Yes.
P4: continue.
P4: Hmm.
Moderator: Okay? And what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P4: It means someone can support primary caregiver
P4: when family caregiver is
P4: futile or sick, or
P4: or try it, want to take a break.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And how do you think that the secondary caregiver role differs in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P4: Have to go through the same thing, the same tax. Everything
P4: I I think secondary have to be.
P4: The most thing is the same is have to
P4: test complete anything. I
P4: I I
P4: I have to click it also.
Moderator: Yeah, let's go through as though you are adding a a secondary caregiver.
P4: Okay.
P4: yes.
P4: The naming.
P4: Okay.
P4: yeah.
P4: Okay. Same same
P4: phone number.
Moderator: Okay, so I'm curious. If you were completing this form for real how would you go about coordinating, getting all of that information from everyone involved.
P4: Is mean.
P4: Explain again.
Moderator: Sure. So you just entered the veterans information and the primary caregiver and the secondary caregiver. And I know we're putting in fake information for this test. But if you had to really get all of that information for real
Moderator: how would you have to coordinate that.
P4: That me
P4: it mean
P4: what I gonna say.
Moderator: How would you get
Moderator: that secondary caregivers, email, social security number, address all of that information as well as the primary caregiver and the veteran.
P4: So it mean they have to be closer to us or live with us. Or I have a trust 100%. So I can
P4: are gonna get from that.
P4: Not someone outside our family.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: So is that all information that you would know yourself? Would you need to contact them? Would you want them to be here with you in person to complete the form.
P4: I wanted to be here
P4: with me.
Moderator: In person.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Alright. Let's say no to this question that's asking if you want to add another secondary caregiver.
P4: No.
Moderator: And keep going.
Moderator: Okay. So on this page, I'd like you to tell me in your own words what you think. It's asking you.
P4: They asking if I
P4: can sign all.
P4: do
P4: something for veteran?
P4: Oh.
P4: he can do himself.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And are you a legal representative for the veteran.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so which would you select here?
P4: Civic, here.
Moderator: Okay? And then what would you expect to happen next?
P4: I'm not sure. I think we're gonna say.
Moderator: Sign.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So tell me what what you think this page is asking you.
P4: This page.
P4: and they're asking for
P4: something to prove I can sign for veteran.
P4: Oh.
P4: I have to show, is veteran, can sigh by himself.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And what type of document would you upload
Moderator: if you were filling this out.
P4: But I have upload. If I upload.
P4: Yeah.
P4: what I have to upload I
P4: so I have
P4: that mean, I pick wrong one.
Moderator: What's that?
P4: Hang on. I have to check.
Moderator: Okay.
P4: Oh, maybe I think I may. Maybe
P4: I gotta go right back to see him.
Moderator: Yeah, if you were going to upload a document that proves you have legal authority to make decisions for the veteran, what document would you upload.
P4: And I, maybe I can show leaving you. Yeah.
Moderator: And would you have any of these documents available.
P4: Use did.
P4: No, she doesn't have power of attorney or legal guardianship.
Moderator: Are there any of them listed that you would be able to? We won't do it for real today. But just curious.
P4: Alternate sign, a certificate of certification. Be a form.
P4: Good morning. Well.
P4: can't be filled.
P4: you hear?
P4: I can print it off.
P4: Are you here?
Moderator: Yes. Can you hear me?
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, we don't need to upload anything for real. I was just curious. If you needed to go through this step, would you be able to upload any of those documents and and.
P4: What is alternate style? Certification? Va. Form 21,
P4: Silona, 72.
P4: That would be the only option, because you don't have the other documents.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: that you think you do have that one.
P4: Yes, we can download and
P4: feeding.
P4: She had that one. She had that one.
P4: Sorry my breath and talking isn't the best.
Moderator: No worries.
Moderator: Okay, well, let's go back a page.
Moderator: And I'm gonna have you just select that you are the veteran so that we can bypass this document, upload, step.
P4: How can I go back.
Moderator: If you scroll down there should be
Moderator: next to the continue button, there will be a back.
P4: Correct. Okay.
Moderator: So let's just put I'm the veteran, and signing for myself.
P4: Okay, look before you ask.
Moderator: Can you.
P4: Continue. Okay.
P4: Now you want me.
Moderator: Okay. So
Moderator: just take a look over this this page and tell me about your impressions and expectations of it.
P4: She said, rip and
P4: review application.
Moderator: What do you think that this page is for.
P4: Be able to go over everything that you've already put in
P4: on the application.
P4: and I'm going down the list list. I'm looking at it.
Moderator: What would you do if you saw something that you entered by mistake, and you wanted to correct it.
P4: Eat it.
P4: Edit.
Moderator: Okay, you can go ahead and try that.
P4: Right?
P4: Give me? I'm gonna try.
P4: Try this thing.
P4: Okay?
Moderator: Is that what you expected to happen.
P4: I think,
P4: they're gonna have. When you can select what you want to edit.
P4: But did it show up in the beginning? So you have to go through again.
P4: So it means you have edit every part, I mean.
Moderator: Oh, is that what you think happened.
P4: Yes.
Moderator: Let's go back.
Moderator: I think if you hit back it should take you to the.
P4: I'm going to make it a point to you.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: No go ahead!
P4: When you have a a page that you put something wrong, and you want to correct only that something.
P4: and you can edit
P4: it should take you only to best. Item.
P4: not
P4: the entire application to start all over again.
P4: That's a problem.
P4: Yep.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: you'd keep going through this page. I think there's a request at the end of it for something you have to fill out
Moderator: and just keep scrolling down.
P4: And
P4: and I have to put something here.
P4: Yeah.
Moderator: Go ahead. So you were, gonna fill that out.
P4: And
P4: this is Leo, not real.
Moderator: Not real.
Moderator: but it's going to ask you to match the name that you put in, so it will.
Moderator: You'll have to put the same name that you put for the veteran.
Moderator: But it'll it'll tell you if you put the wrong thing.
P4: Okay.
P4: they're not sure.
P4: Okay, I put it in. And
P4: I have to click this right?
P4: Hmm.
Moderator: And it's giving you the name that you entered that you have to put in.
Moderator: This is your team.
Moderator: huh?
P4: I have to laugh.
P4: Okay.
P4: Quip.
P4: I'm not a veteran.
P4: Okay.
P4: hmm.
Moderator: I think there's a typo in that name.
P4: What is wrong?
Moderator: It's a BI in your.
P4: Oh, okay. Okay.
P4: Thank you.
Moderator: That's good to know that you did not. You couldn't really tell what was wrong. There.
P4: Okay. Now, good to go.
Moderator: And what would your comfort level be filling this out and signing here, without all the people that are involved, present.
P4: I think I
P4: feel comfortable.
Moderator: You're comfortable with it.
P4: Yeah.
P4: Okay.
P4: Secondary.
P4: what is name?
P4: I not remember.
Moderator: That's okay. We'll tell you again.
P4: Okay.
P4: that is good.
P4: Okay?
P4: And I have to submit.
Moderator: You don't have to actually submit, because it won't. It will give you an error because we're in our testing site. If you could stop sharing your screen. I'm gonna share the screen that would come next. If you submit, it.
P4: I have to submit or not submit.
Moderator: Yeah, actually, I can just stop. I can just stop it. I think.
P4: Stop. Okay.
Moderator: Oh.
Moderator: hey! Let me
Moderator: share a different screen one moment.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I can zoom in a bit. Sure it's too small. How's that?
P4: Okay, I can see very clear.
Moderator: Okay, so this is what would happen if you hit. Submit, form.
Moderator: Let me know what you think of this page and any thoughts or expectations you're having.
P4: It's good, very clear.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: what's it telling you.
P4: Telling me what I expect next is mean someone contact me.
P4: or by phone, by mail or anything, and tell me what next step. What I have to do.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so what do you think is going to happen next?
P4: I think someone gonna call me.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is there anything that you would like to see on this page that you don't?
Moderator: This is the end. Here.
P4: Okay.
P4: I.
P4: I'm okay. Now.
Moderator: So Nope.
P4: No, we use a lot. For this one.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: No problem. Alright. Well, we're done looking at the form. I have a couple of last questions. Do you have a couple of minutes.
P4: Yeah, no. Problem.
Moderator: Okay, we are almost done. So what kind of research would you do before applying and completing a form like this? If any.
P4: No.
Moderator: None.
P4: None.
Moderator: Okay. And what were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form that we looked at? Did you think that it was too much, just enough or too little information.
P4: I think is just enough.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is there any additional information about who qualifies as a primary and secondary caregiver that you would have liked to see in the form.
P4: I think both.
Moderator: More information about both.
P4: This.
Moderator: Okay, and anything in particular that you're curious about in terms of how to know who qualifies.
P4: No! I nothing!
P4: No.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: Alright. So that is it.
Moderator: just want to circle back and reconfirm that you are comfortable. If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va partners removing any identifying information like your name and your on-screen image.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: Is there any part of our discussion want shared in a video clip.
P4: Say again, please.
Moderator: Is there any part of our conversation that you wouldn't want shared in a video clip.
P4: No, I
P4: have nothing.
Moderator: Okay, no problem. Do you have any questions for me?
P4: No.
Moderator: Hey, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. This feedback is really helpful. So we can improve this caregiver form for caregivers and veterans.
Moderator: Lastly, Perigan is the company that sent you the invite to this session. They will be sending you a thank you note via email, and that will have some information that you could pass along to other veterans and caregivers if you would like.
Moderator: If you know anyone who might be interested in participating in research studies like this.
P4: Okay.
Moderator: Thank you so much, and enjoy the rest of your day.
P4: You, too. Thank you. Have a good day, too. Bye.
Moderator: Bye.